tctl reference: MDX-free activity, batch, taskqueue, and top-level pages (#848)
temporalio/documentation: docs/reference/tctl/activity.md

  - tctl
---

> The `tctl activity` commands operate [Activity Executions](/docs/content/what-is-an-activity-execution).

Reviewer: I get it, but somehow seems off -
Maybe something like this feels a bit more on point? WDYT?
```suggestion
The `tctl activity` command enables [Activity Execution](/docs/content/what-is-an-activity-execution) operations.
```

Author: Yes, that's definitely closer. (I switched the numbers back, though, because of multiple `tctl activity` commands.)
